Add contributor (myself) (#4532)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/contributors.md

Foundation's vision by educating professionals and the general public about Web3 and blockchain
technology.

### Bader Youssef

- email: [bader@web3.foundation](mailto:bader@web3.foundation)
- matrix: [@bader:web3.foundation](https://matrix.to/#/@bader:web3.foundation)
- twitter: [@baderyo_o](https://twitter.com/baderyo_o)

> Bader is a Technical Educator at the Web3 Foundation. He has been an avid blockchain and web3 advocate, fullstack software engineer, and technical writer for the past 4 years. He has used a multitude of technologies to create disruptive and unique applications, mostly centering around elimating intermediary servers in applications and creating trust-free digital interactions for the betterment of humanity.  Real technology needs to solve real problems, and Bader has a very strong position on creating practical solutions to those problems using web3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bader is a Technical Educator at the Web3 Foundation. He has been an avid blockchain and web3 advocate, full-stack software engineer, and technical writer for the past 4 years. He has used a multitude of technologies to create disruptive and unique applications, mostly centering around eliminating intermediary servers in applications and creating trust-free digital interactions for the betterment of humanity.  Real technology needs to solve real problems, and Bader is very strong on creating practical solutions to those problems using Web3.
```

> Bader has a strong passion on ensuring that this technology can be understood and utilized to its fullest potential, and focuses on making it a simple and useful to digest as possible.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bader has a strong passion for ensuring that this technology can be understood and utilized to its fullest potential and focuses on making it as simple and useful to digest as possible.  
```
